CONTRIBUTING.rst, before:

============
Contributing
============


.. important::
   When contributing to this repository, please adhere to our :ref:`code-of-conduct` and
   first discuss the change you wish to make via an issue **before** submitting a pull
   request.


.. _local-development:

Local Development
=================

The following sections will guide you through setting up a local development environment
for working on the Modist client package.
**At the very least**, make sure that you have the necessary pre-commit hooks installed
to make sure that all commits are pristine before they make it into the change history.

Installing Python
-----------------

.. note::
   If you already have Python 3.7+ installed on your local system, you can skip this
   step completely.


Installing Python should be done through `pyenv <https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv>`_.
To first install ``pyenv`` please follow the guide they provided at
https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation. When you finally have ``pyenv`` you should
be good to continue on.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pyenv --version
   pyenv x.x.x


Now that you have ``pyenv`` we can install the necessary Python version. The Modist
client package depends on Python 3.7+, so we can request that through ``pyenv``.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pyenv install 3.7  # to install Python 3.7+
   ...

   $ pwd
   /PATH/TO/CLONED/REPOSITORY/modist-client
   $ pyenv local 3.7  # to mark the modist-client directory as needing Python 3.7+
   ...

   $ pyenv global 3.7  # if you wish Python 3.7 to be aliased to `python` everywhere
   ...


After installing and marking the repository as requiring Python 3.7+ you should be good
to continue on installing the project's dependencies.

Virtual Environment
-------------------

We use `Pipenv <https://pipenv-fork.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ to manage both our
dependencies and virtual environments. Setting up ``pipenv`` just involves installing
it through ``pip`` as a user-level dependency.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pip install --user pipenv
   Collecting pipenv
   Downloading pipenv-x.x.x-py2.py3-non-any.whl
   ...

   $ pipenv --version
   pipenv, version xxxx.xx.xx


You can quickly setup your entire development environment by running the installation
process from Pipenv.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pipenv install --dev
   Installing dependencies from Pipfile...
   ...


This with create a virtual environment for you and install the necesary development
dependencies. From there you can jump into a subshell using the newly created virtual
environment using the ``shell`` subcommand.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pipenv shell
   Launching subshell in virtual environment...
   ...

   $ exit # when you wish to exit the subshell


From this shell you have access to all the necessary development dependencies installed
in the virutal environment and can start actually writing and running code within the
client package.


Style Enforcement
-----------------

This project's preferred styles are fully enforced through
`pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_ hooks. In order to take advantage of these hooks
please make sure that you have ``pre-commit`` and the configured hooks installed in your
local environment.

Installing ``pre-commit`` is done through ``pip`` and should be installed as a
user-level dependency as it adds some console scripts that all projects using
``pre-commit`` will need.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pip install --user pre-commit
   Collecting pre-commit
   Downloading pre_commit-x.x.x-py2.py3-none-any.whl
   ...

   $ pre-commit --version
   pre-commit 2.4.0


Once ``pre-commit`` is installed you should also install the hooks into the cloned
repository.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pwd
   /PATH/TO/CLONED/REPOSITORY/modist-client

   $ pre-commit install
   pre-commit installed at .git/hooks/pre-commit


After this you should be good to continue on. These installed hooks will do a first-time
setup when you attempt your next commit to build hook environments. Changes that violate
the defined style specifications in ``setup.cfg`` and ``pyproject.toml`` will cause the
commit to fail and will likely make the necessary changes to added / changed files to
be written to the failing files.

This will give you the opprotunity to view the changes the hooks made to the failing
files and add the new changes to the commit in order to make the commit pass. It also
gives you the opprotunity to make tweaks to the autogenerated changes to make them more
human accessible (only if necessary).

Editor Configuration
--------------------

We also have some specific settings for editor configuration via
`editorconfig <https://editorconfig.org/#download>`_. We recommend you install the
appropriate plugin for your editor of choice if your editor doesn't already natively
support ``.editorconfig`` configuration files.

Project Tasking
---------------

All of our tasks are built and run through `invoke <http://www.pyinvoke.org/>`_ which is
basically just a more advanced (a little too advanced) Python alternative to
`make <http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/make.1.html>`_. The only reason we are using
this utility is because I know how it works and I already had most of the necessary
tasks defined from other projects.

From within the Pipenv subshell, you can access and run these commands through the
provided ``invoke`` development dependency.

.. code-block:: console

   $ invoke --list
   Available tasks:

      build                  Build the project.
      clean                  Clean the project.
      lint                   Lint the project.
      profile                Run and profile a given Python script.
      publish                Publish the project.
      test                   Test the project.
      docs.build             Build docs.
      docs.build-news        Build towncrier newsfragments.
      docs.clean             Clean built docs.
      docs.view              Build and view docs.
      linter.black           Run Black tool check against source.
      linter.flake8          Run Flake8 tool against source.
      linter.isort           Run ISort tool check against source.
      linter.mypy            Run MyPy tool check against source.
      package.build          Build pacakge source files.
      package.check          Check built package is valid.
      package.clean          Clean previously built package artifacts.
      package.format         Auto format package source files.
      package.licenses       List dependency licenses.
      package.requirements   Generate requirements.txt from Pipfile.lock.
      package.stub           Generate typing stubs for the package.
      package.test           Run package tests.
      package.typecheck      Run type checking with generated package stubs.
      package.version        Specify a new version for the package.


You can run these tasks to do many miscellaneous project tasks such as building documentation.

.. code-block:: console

   $ invoke docs.build
   [docs.build] ... building 'html' documentation
   Running Sphinx v3.0.3
   loading pickled environment... done
   building [mo]: targets for 0 po files that are out of date
   building [html]: targets for 0 source files that are out of date
   updating environment: 0 added, 0 changed, 0 removed
   looking for now-outdated files... none found
   no targets are out of date.
   build succeeded.

   The HTML pages are in build/html.


All of these tasks should just work right out of the box, but something might break
eventually after required tooling gets enough major updates.

Opening Issues
==============

Issues should follow the included ``ISSUE_TEMPLATE`` found in ``.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md``.

- Issues should contain the following sections:
   - Expected Behavior
   - Current Behavior
   - Possible Solution
   - Steps to Reproduce (for bugs)
   - Context
   - Your Environment

These sections help the developers greatly by providing a large understanding of the context of the bug or requested feature without having to launch a full fleged discussion inside of the issue.

Creating Pull Requests
======================

Pull requests should follow the included ``PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE`` found in ``.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md``.

- Pull requests should always be from a **topic/feature/bugfix** (left side) branch. *Pull requests from master branches will not be merged.*
- Pull requests should not fail our requested style guidelines or linting checks.

Commit message:

Adding support section to CONTRIBUTING
- restructuring documtation index a little

Signed-off-by: Stephen Bunn <stephen@bunn.io>

CONTRIBUTING.rst, after:

============
Contributing
============


.. important::
   When contributing to this repository, please adhere to our :ref:`code-of-conduct` and
   first discuss the change you wish to make via an issue **before** submitting a pull
   request.


.. _local-development:

Local Development
=================

The following sections will guide you through setting up a local development environment
for working on the Modist client package.
**At the very least**, make sure that you have the necessary pre-commit hooks installed
to make sure that all commits are pristine before they make it into the change history.

Installing Python
-----------------

.. note::
   If you already have Python 3.7+ installed on your local system, you can skip this
   step completely.


Installing Python should be done through `pyenv <https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv>`_.
To first install ``pyenv`` please follow the guide they provided at
https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation. When you finally have ``pyenv`` you should
be good to continue on.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pyenv --version
   pyenv x.x.x


Now that you have ``pyenv`` we can install the necessary Python version. The Modist
client package depends on Python 3.7+, so we can request that through ``pyenv``.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pyenv install 3.7  # to install Python 3.7+
   ...

   $ pwd
   /PATH/TO/CLONED/REPOSITORY/modist-client
   $ pyenv local 3.7  # to mark the modist-client directory as needing Python 3.7+
   ...

   $ pyenv global 3.7  # if you wish Python 3.7 to be aliased to `python` everywhere
   ...


After installing and marking the repository as requiring Python 3.7+ you should be good
to continue on installing the project's dependencies.

Virtual Environment
-------------------

We use `Pipenv <https://pipenv-fork.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ to manage both our
dependencies and virtual environments. Setting up ``pipenv`` just involves installing
it through ``pip`` as a user-level dependency.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pip install --user pipenv
   Collecting pipenv
   Downloading pipenv-x.x.x-py2.py3-non-any.whl
   ...

   $ pipenv --version
   pipenv, version xxxx.xx.xx


You can quickly setup your entire development environment by running the installation
process from Pipenv.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pipenv install --dev
   Installing dependencies from Pipfile...
   ...


This with create a virtual environment for you and install the necesary development
dependencies. From there you can jump into a subshell using the newly created virtual
environment using the ``shell`` subcommand.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pipenv shell
   Launching subshell in virtual environment...
   ...

   $ exit # when you wish to exit the subshell


From this shell you have access to all the necessary development dependencies installed
in the virutal environment and can start actually writing and running code within the
client package.


Style Enforcement
-----------------

This project's preferred styles are fully enforced through
`pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_ hooks. In order to take advantage of these hooks
please make sure that you have ``pre-commit`` and the configured hooks installed in your
local environment.

Installing ``pre-commit`` is done through ``pip`` and should be installed as a
user-level dependency as it adds some console scripts that all projects using
``pre-commit`` will need.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pip install --user pre-commit
   Collecting pre-commit
   Downloading pre_commit-x.x.x-py2.py3-none-any.whl
   ...

   $ pre-commit --version
   pre-commit 2.4.0


Once ``pre-commit`` is installed you should also install the hooks into the cloned
repository.

.. code-block:: console

   $ pwd
   /PATH/TO/CLONED/REPOSITORY/modist-client

   $ pre-commit install
   pre-commit installed at .git/hooks/pre-commit


After this you should be good to continue on. These installed hooks will do a first-time
setup when you attempt your next commit to build hook environments. Changes that violate
the defined style specifications in ``setup.cfg`` and ``pyproject.toml`` will cause the
commit to fail and will likely make the necessary changes to added / changed files to
be written to the failing files.

This will give you the opprotunity to view the changes the hooks made to the failing
files and add the new changes to the commit in order to make the commit pass. It also
gives you the opprotunity to make tweaks to the autogenerated changes to make them more
human accessible (only if necessary).

Editor Configuration
--------------------

We also have some specific settings for editor configuration via
`editorconfig <https://editorconfig.org/#download>`_. We recommend you install the
appropriate plugin for your editor of choice if your editor doesn't already natively
support ``.editorconfig`` configuration files.

Project Tasking
---------------

All of our tasks are built and run through `invoke <http://www.pyinvoke.org/>`_ which is
basically just a more advanced (a little too advanced) Python alternative to
`make <http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/make.1.html>`_. The only reason we are using
this utility is because I know how it works and I already had most of the necessary
tasks defined from other projects.

From within the Pipenv subshell, you can access and run these commands through the
provided ``invoke`` development dependency.

.. code-block:: console

   $ invoke --list
   Available tasks:

      build                  Build the project.
      clean                  Clean the project.
      lint                   Lint the project.
      profile                Run and profile a given Python script.
      publish                Publish the project.
      test                   Test the project.
      docs.build             Build docs.
      docs.build-news        Build towncrier newsfragments.
      docs.clean             Clean built docs.
      docs.view              Build and view docs.
      linter.black           Run Black tool check against source.
      linter.flake8          Run Flake8 tool against source.
      linter.isort           Run ISort tool check against source.
      linter.mypy            Run MyPy tool check against source.
      package.build          Build pacakge source files.
      package.check          Check built package is valid.
      package.clean          Clean previously built package artifacts.
      package.format         Auto format package source files.
      package.licenses       List dependency licenses.
      package.requirements   Generate requirements.txt from Pipfile.lock.
      package.stub           Generate typing stubs for the package.
      package.test           Run package tests.
      package.typecheck      Run type checking with generated package stubs.
      package.version        Specify a new version for the package.


You can run these tasks to do many miscellaneous project tasks such as building
documentation.

.. code-block:: console

   $ invoke docs.build
   [docs.build] ... building 'html' documentation
   Running Sphinx v3.0.3
   loading pickled environment... done
   building [mo]: targets for 0 po files that are out of date
   building [html]: targets for 0 source files that are out of date
   updating environment: 0 added, 0 changed, 0 removed
   looking for now-outdated files... none found
   no targets are out of date.
   build succeeded.

   The HTML pages are in build/html.


All of these tasks should just work right out of the box, but something might break
eventually after required tooling gets enough major updates.

Opening Issues
==============

Issues should follow the included ``ISSUE_TEMPLATE`` found in
``.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md``.

- Issues should contain the following sections:
   - Expected Behavior
   - Current Behavior
   - Possible Solution
   - Steps to Reproduce (for bugs)
   - Context
   - Your Environment

These sections help the developers greatly by providing a large understanding of the
context of the bug or requested feature without having to launch a full fleged
discussion inside of the issue.

Creating Pull Requests
======================

Pull requests should follow the included ``PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE`` found in
``.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md``.

- | Pull requests should always be from a ``topic`` / ``feature`` / ``bugfix``
    (left side) branch.
  | **Pull requests from master branches will not be merged.**
- Pull requests should not fail our requested style guidelines or linting checks.


Collaboration and Support
=========================

If you want to become a member of the community and start collaborating to help build
up the Modist ecosystem in more ways than just development, join our Discord server and
ask what you can do to help.

We constantly are in need of designers, artists, and (of course) developers. But we also
appreciate any ideas to help improve and spread usage of Modist.

.. raw:: html

   <div style="text-align: center;">
      <iframe src="https://discordapp.com/widget?id=702909587719847936&theme=dark" width="350" height="500" allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0"></iframe>
   </div>
