docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. _index:

Modist Client
=============

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center" style="margin: 0px;">
      <a href="https://github.com/modist-io/modist-client/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
         <img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/modist-io/modist-client">
      </a>
      <a href="https://github.com/modist-io/modist-client/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Test+Package%22" target="_blank">
         <img alt="Test Package" src="https://github.com/modist-io/modist-client/workflows/Test%20Package/badge.svg">
      </a>
      <a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/modist-io/modist-client/maintainability">
         <img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/85196b6c0eb6f2251ccd/maintainability" />
      </a>
      <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/modist-io/modist-client">
         <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/modist-io/modist-client/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" />
      <a/>
      <a href="https://github.com/ambv/black" target="_blank">
         <img alt="Code Style: Black" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg">
      </a>
   </p>


**To get started using this package, please see the** :ref:`getting-started` **page!**


.. toctree::
   :caption: Usage
   :maxdepth: 2

   getting-started
   advanced-usage
   faq
   contributing


.. toctree::
   :caption: Reference
   :maxdepth: 2

   modist


.. toctree::
   :caption: Project
   :maxdepth: 1

   changelog
   code-of-conduct
   license

Commit message:

Adding metatags for index documentation
- Addressing TODO comment in SystemContext documentation

Signed-off-by: Stephen Bunn <stephen@bunn.io>

docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. _index:

.. meta::
   :description: The local client for managing Modist mods
   :keywords: modist, client, documentation

Modist Client
=============

.. raw:: html

   <p align="center" style="margin: 0px;">
      <a href="https://github.com/modist-io/modist-client/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
         <img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/modist-io/modist-client">
      </a>
      <a href="https://github.com/modist-io/modist-client/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Test+Package%22" target="_blank">
         <img alt="Test Package" src="https://github.com/modist-io/modist-client/workflows/Test%20Package/badge.svg">
      </a>
      <a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/modist-io/modist-client/maintainability">
         <img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/85196b6c0eb6f2251ccd/maintainability" />
      </a>
      <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/modist-io/modist-client">
         <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/modist-io/modist-client/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" />
      <a/>
      <a href="https://github.com/ambv/black" target="_blank">
         <img alt="Code Style: Black" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg">
      </a>
   </p>


**To get started using this package, please see the** :ref:`getting-started` **page!**


.. toctree::
   :caption: Usage
   :maxdepth: 2

   getting-started
   advanced-usage
   faq
   contributing


.. toctree::
   :caption: Reference
   :maxdepth: 2

   modist


.. toctree::
   :caption: Project
   :maxdepth: 1

   changelog
   code-of-conduct
   license
